left_1=Left
leftMenud0=Setup Wizard
leftMenud1=Interface Status
leftMenud2=Interface Traffic
leftMenud3=Restart Device
workMode=Work Mode

leftTag1=Network
leftTag17=IPv6
leftTag2=Wireless
leftTag15=Wireless 5G
leftTag14=AP Controller
leftTag3=Advanced
leftTag16=Net Share
leftTag4=Switch
leftTag5=User Management
leftTag6=App Control
leftTag7=QoS
leftTag8=Firewall
leftTag9=VPN
leftTag10=Linkage
leftTag11=System
leftTag12=Status
leftTag13=Support

leftMenud4=WAN
fitApIfConf=LAN
leftMenud5=Load Balancing
leftMenud6=Number of WAN Interfaces
leftMenud7=LAN
leftMenud8=DHCP Server
leftMenud9=DDNS
leftMenud10=UPnP
leftMenud11=Number of WAN
leftMenud12=LAN

workMode=System Mode
wirePar=Wireless Settings
chooseConf=Active Config
leftMenud13=Basic
leftMenud14=Security
leftMenud15=MAC Filtering
leftMenud16=Advanced
leftMenud17=Multi-SSID
leftMenud18=Client List

apManage=AP Management
apConfigTmp=AP Template
apSoftManage=AP Firmware
serverZone=WLANs
wifiClient=Wireless Client List
APCongfile=AP Configuration File
loadBalance=AP Load Balance
apLog=AP Log Information

leftMenud19=NAT & DMZ
leftMenud21=Static Route
leftMenud22=Anti-NetSniper
leftMenud23=Plug and Play 
leftMenud24=Port Mirroring
leftMenud25=Port Mirroring
leftMenud65=Port VLAN

leftMenud26=Port Settings
leftMenud27=Port Mirroring
leftMenud28=Port-Based VLAN
leftMenud29=Link Aggregation
leftMenud30=Link Aggregation

leftMenud31=User Status
leftMenud32=IP/MAC Binding
leftMenud33=PPPoE Server
leftMenud34=Web Authentication
leftMenud35=User Group

leftMenud36=Schedule
leftMenud37=Application Control
leftMenud38=QQ Whitelist
leftMenud39=MSN Whitelist
com_Aliwang=Ali Wangwang Whitelist
leftMenud40=Notification
leftMenud41=Application Audit
leftMenud42=Policy Database
leftMenud43=Address Group

leftMenud44=Fixed Rate Limiting
leftMenud45=Flexible Bandwidth
leftMenud49=Session Limiting

leftMenud46=Attack Prevention
leftMenud47=Access Control
leftMenud48=Domain Filtering
com_adver=Advideo

leftMenud50=PPTP
leftMenud51=L2TP

leftMenud52=Linkage Management
leftMenud53=Linkage Configuration
leftMenud54=Network Topology

leftMenud55=Administrator
leftMenud56=Language
leftMenud57=Time
leftMenud58=Configuration
leftMenud59=Firmware Upgrade
leftMenud60=Remote Management
leftMenud61=Scheduled Task

leftMenud62=Interface Status
leftMenud63=Interface Traffic
leftMenud64=System Information
leftMenud72=Wireless Client List

leftMenud66=IPSec
leftMenud67=Port Rate
leftMenud68=Syslog
leftMenud69=Device Login Control

leftMenud70=System Information
leftMenud73=HardWare NAT
leftMenud71=Electronic Authorization

leftMenud74=Cloud Server
leftMenud75=NetWork Mode
leftMenud76=Bridge configuration
leftMenud77=System Log
leftMenud78=P2P Rate Limit
leftMenud79=MAC Address Filtering
leftMenud80=Parental Control
leftMenud81=Easy Management
leftMenud82=Cloud Service
leftMenud83=Network 
leftMenud84=NetSniper
leftMenud85=Game Optimization
leftMenud86=AliWW White List
lanTagVlan=LAN TAG VLAN
wanTagVlan=WAN TAG VLAN
tagVlan=Tag VLAN
leftMenud87=Game Optimization
leftMenud88=Intranet NetSniper

leftMenud89=Network Sharing Management
leftMenud90=FTP Server
leftMenud91=Shared Account
apDrawing=AP·Ö²¼Í¼
vlanConfig=VLAN Config
leftMenud93=SNMP Service 
leftMenud92=Service Group
SysStatus=SysStatus
WirelessStatis=WirelessStatis
pingCheck=pingCheck
leftMenud94=RADVD
leftMenud95=DHCP
leftMenud96=Tunnel
leftMenud97=ISATAP
