gbe_forbiden=Please select application(s) you want to block.
gbe_config=Internet Application Management Settings
gbe_grpConf=Group Settings
gbe_selObj=Network Object
gbe_selAll=Select All
gbe_select=Select All
gbe_other=Others
gbe_look=View
gbe_im=IM Software
gbe_qq=Block QQ
gbe_msn=Block MSN
gbe_ali=Block Ali Wangwang
gbe_webqq=Block Web QQ
gbe_fetion=Block Fetion
gbe_yahootong=Block yahoo messenger
gbe_p2p=P2P Software
gbe_bitTorrent=Block BitComet, BitSpirit
gbe_thunder=Block Thunder Search
gbe_qqLive=Block QQLive
gbe_ppsVideo=Block PPS
gbe_kuGou=Block KuGou Search
gbe_pptv=Block PPLive
gbe_qvod=Block QVOD
gbe_baiduPlayer=Block BaiduPlayer
gbe_stock=Stock Software
gbe_stockUrl=Block Stock Sites
gbe_nv=Network Video
gbe_adverUrl=Block video advertising
gbe_youku=Block Youku.com
gbe_tudou=Block Tudou.com
gbe_aiqi=Block iQIYI.com
gbe_sohuVideo=Block Sohu Video
gbe_kankan=Block Thunder Kankan
gbe_ku6=Block Ku6.com
gbe_net56=Block 56.com
gbe_sinaVideo=Block Sina Video
gbe_qqVideo=Block QQLive
gbe_cntv=Block CNTV Video
gbe_ifengVideo=Block Ifeng Video
gbe_baofeng=Block Storm Codec
gbe_joy=Block Joy.cn
gbe_pps=Block PPS
gbe_funshion=Block Funshion
gbe_game=Online Game
gbe_gameUrl=Block Game Sites
gbe_qqGame=Block QQGame
gbe_bnb=Block BNB
gbe_zhengtu=Block Zhengtu
gbe_wanmei=Block Perfect World, Jade Dynasty
gbe_xyq=Block MHXY
gbe_au9you=Block Audition
gbe_haofang=Block CGA
gbe_wow=Block WOW
gbe_aion=Block Aion
gbe_popkart=Block KartRider Rush
gbe_qqcf=Block CrossFire
gbe_sdodn=Block Dragon Nest
gbe_the9sxz=Block ShenXianZhuan
gbe_sdomir=Block Legend
gbe_tl3=Block TLBB 3
gbe_csol=Block CS Online
gbe_sdomxd=Block MapleStory
gbe_qn163=Block QNYH
gbe_wd=Block AskTao
gbe_meng3guo=Block Meng3guo
gbe_wot=Block World of Tanks
gbe_netshop=Shopping Site
gbe_ec=E-commerce
gbe_taobao=Block Taobao.com
gbe_tmall=Block Tmall.com
gbe_buy360=Block 360buy.com
gbe_dangdang=Block Dangdang.com
gbe_amazon=Block Amazon.com
gbe_paipai=Block Paipai.com
gbe_alibaba=Block Alibaba.com
gbe_m18=Block M18.com
gbe_hao123=Block Hao123.com
gbe_tc=Popular Costumes
gbe_vancl=Block Vancl.com
gbe_vipshop=Block Vipshop
gbe_fclub=Block Fclub.com
gbe_xiu=Block Xiu.com
gbe_ssqy=Block Shishangqiyi
gbe_moonbasa=Block Moonbasa
gbe_yintai=Block Yintai.com
gbe_vjia=Block Vjia.com
gbe_masamaso=Block Masamasuo
gbe_pb89=Block Pb89.com
gbe_da=Digital Home Appliances
gbe_suning=Block Suning.com
gbe_gome=Block Gome.com
gbe_buy51=Block 51buy.com
gbe_coo8=Block Coo8.com
gbe_newegg=Block Newegg.com
gbe_lusen=Block Lusen.com
gbe_sb=Shoes, Cases and Bags
gbe_okbuy=Block OkBuy.com
gbe_letao=Block Letao.com
gbe_yougou=Block Yougou.com
gbe_scn=Block S.CN
gbe_mbaobao=Block Mbaobao.com
gbe_bh=Beauty and Health Care
gbe_lafaso=Block Lafaso.com
gbe_tiantian=Block Tiantian.com
gbe_sephora=Block Sephora.com
gbe_dhc=Block DHC.net.cn
gbe_jxdyf=Block Jxdyf.com
gbe_straw=Block StrawberryNet
gbe_hitao=Block Hitao.com
gbe_guopi=Block Guopi.com
gbe_caomei=Block Caomeipai
gbe_bt=Maternal and Infant Products
gbe_redbaby=Block Redbaby
gbe_myzhijia=Block Muyingzhijia
gbe_du=Daily Provisions
gbe_yihao=Block Yihaodian.com
gbe_womai=Block Womai.com
gbe_gp=Group Buying
gbe_lashou=Block Lashou.com
gbe_nuomi=Block Nuomi.com
gbe_meituan=Block Meituan.com
gbe_gaopeng=Block Gaopeng.com
gbe_tuan=Block 55tuan.com
gbe_sns=Social Networking Site
gbe_qqzone=Block Qzone
gbe_renren=Block Renren.com
gbe_pengyou=Block Pengyou.com
gbe_weibosina=Block Sina Weibo
gbe_kaixin=Block Kaixin001.com
gbe_com=Block 51.com
gbe_douban=Block Douban.com
gbe_taomi=Block 61.com
gbe_weiboqq=Block Tencent Weibo
gbe_jiayuan=Block Jiayuan.com
gbe_jianghu=Block Tao Jianghu
gbe_baisohu=Block Bai.sohu.com
gbe_zhenai=Block Zhenai.com
gbe_baihe=Block Baihe.com
gbe_ipart=Block iPart.cn
gbe_facebook=Block facebook.com
gbe_youtobe=Block youtube.com
gbe_twitter=Block twitter.com
gbe_webgame=Web Game
gbe_duowan=Block Duawan.com
gbe_baidugame=Block Baidu Games
gbe_wan37=Block 37wan.com
gbe_jzhg=Block 265G.com
gbe_eeyy=Block Eeyy.com
gbe_kunlun=Block Kunlun.com
gbe_jzhgame=Block 4399.com
gbe_gamepps=Block G.PPS.TV
gbe_game7k7k=Block Game7k7k.cn
gbe_wan05=Block 05wan.com
gbe_youjian=Email
gbe_sinamail=Block Sina Mail
gbe_mail126=Block 126 Mail
gbe_wangyi=Block 163 Mail
gbe_qqmail=Block QQ Mail
gbe_bbs=Forum
gbe_mop=Block MoP
gbe_tianya=Block Tianya
gbe_liba=Block Liba
gbe_kds=Block KDS
gbe_tiexue=Block Tiexue
gbe_ifbbs=Block Ifeng
gbe_xici=Block Xici
gbe_httpProxy=Block HTTP Proxy
gbe_socket=Block SOCKS5 Proxy
gbe_fileType=Filter File Types
gbe_tijiao=Block Web Submit
gbe_adverUrl=Anti Ad
gbe_width1=160
gbe_width2=80
gbe_width3=160
gbe_width4=14
gbe_width5=165
gbe_width6=70
